[IMP] Sales: Automatic Invoicing content update (#18957)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/invoicing_policy.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and scroll to the *Invoicing* section. Select one of the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` options, either
:guilabel:`Ordered quantities` or :guilabel:`Delivered quantities`.
```
To match what is on the UI

Reviewer: I personally don't find these types of images helpful since there's such a clear direction above, so I recommend you remove it but that is totally optional.

Author: I'm going to leave this one in since it showcases the new multi-company icon that wasn't there previously, but good note about trimming extraneous images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :guilabel:`Ordered quantities` option is selected in the **Sales** app settings, 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customers are invoiced once a quotation has been confirmed. The creation of
```
I believe this is more accurate - yes? They can confirm a quote without sending it to the customer (say it isan over the phone order). If I am wrong, you can disregard!

Author: Good catch!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small business sells handmade jewelery online, has direct control over their inventory levels, and ship with 3rd party carriers. They invoice their customers after a sales order has been confirmed.

They receive an order for a necklace. They send their customer a quotation, confirm it,
and create a sales order. After the sales order is confirmed, an invoice is created and
sent to the customer for payment without any additional steps needed. The invoice gets paid,
the necklace is shipped and delivered, and the transaction is complete.
```
Just to tighten it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` option invoices customers as the ordered goods are delivered. This option is often used for businesses that sell large quantities of physical goods
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in each sales order, but may not always be able to fulfill a given order all at once.

In
```
Also the paragraph seemed long, so separating it here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these cases, the ordered quantity may diffe from the delivered quantity based on product
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<inventory/shipping/backorders>` can be created for partial orders that are completed at a later
```
We try to avoid "will"

Reviewer: I realize this isn't your image, but the top right is cut off and looks awkward- any way you can replace this with the full-length image?

Reviewer: You use the 'ing version for the sectoin heads, but 'invoice' in the sub-sectoins. I woudl match, and use the term "Invoice" for the 2 section heads - also saves a couple characters =)

Author: Gerunds removed!

Reviewer: The Delivery button has the truck icon in it- so I woudl add that

Reviewer: Unnecessary image here- I'd remove it, the text is enough to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. example::
A produce distributor using the :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` invoicing policy sells 50 heads of lettuce to a local restaurant.

At the time of delivery, only 40 heads are available. The distributor delivers the available heads of lettuce and creates an invoice for the quantity delivered. Later, when the lettuce inventory is replenished, the distributor delivers the remaining 10 heads of lettuce and creates
a second invoice to complete the order.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   An independent artisan with a small business sells handmade jewelry nationwide online. Because
```

Depending on business needs, it may be advantageous to choose whether to invoice customers based on
the goods and services that they order or when those goods and services are delivered to them. To
allow businesses maximum flexibility to best meet their needs, Odoo offers two invoicing policies
that can be enabled in the **Sales** app: :ref:`invoice what is ordered <invoice-on-order>` and
:ref:`invoice what is delivered <invoice-on-delivery>`.

> .. _configure-invoicing-policy:

Reviewer 3: Custom anchor conventions are app name/name of file/your custom anchor!

```suggestion
.. _sales/invoicing_policy/configure-invoicing-policy:
```

Configure an invoicing policy
=============================

To configure an invoicing policy, go to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Settings`,
and under the :guilabel:`Invoicing` heading, select an :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` option and

> scroll to the *Invoicing* section. Select one of the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` options, either

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
scroll to the *Invoicing* section. Select one of the :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` options, either
```

GitHub does this sometimes -- it won't cleanly incorporate edits, so sometimes duplicate content ends up in your documentation.

I am assuming that larm-odoo provided the second edited sentence, because it looks like our current standards.

that can be enabled in the **Sales** app: :ref:`Invoice what is ordered <invoice-on-order>` and

> :ref:`Invoice what is delivered <invoice-on-delivery>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that can be enabled in the **Sales** app: :ref:`invoice what is ordered <invoice-on-order>` and
:ref:`invoice what is delivered <invoice-on-delivery>`.
```
Since this is sort of a sentence, I think all lower case makes more sense.

Author: I can dig it.

.. important::
   If the :guilabel:`Invoice what is delivered` option is chosen, it is **not** possible to activate

>    the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature, which automatically generates invoices when an online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important::
If the :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` option is chosen, it is **not** possible to activate
the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoicing` :icon:`fa-building-o` feature, which automatically generates invoices when an online
```
The UI items should match, always

Reviewer: Also If that bulding icon is NOT visible in a single company- please remove!

Author: Actually, the building icon is what denotes it's a single-company option. I need to add it to the second instance of Automatic Invoicing. Great catch!

   payment is confirmed.

   If the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice` feature is enabled in a database with multiple companies, it
   applies on a per-company basis and must be enabled for each company that wishes to use automatic

>    invoicing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoicing` feature is enabled in a multi-company database, it
   applies on a per-company basis and must be enabled for each company using automatic
   invoicing.
```

> Changing the invoicing policy for existing products

Reviewer: Question - can you select an option DIFFERENT from the one set in the settings? If the settings say 'invoice what is delivered' - can I change the product to 'invoice what is ordered.? Or does one overwrite the other? 

If this scenario is correct, I'd add an intrpduction to this seciton, explaining that individual products can have an invoicing policy different from the main one - because I woudl think that is NOT possible. You can expand the intro as wel, to explain that invoicing policies can be general, but edited for specifics.

Author: Text clarified!

---------------------------------------------------

> After the invoicing policy has been configured in *Settings*, navigate to a product's form through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the invoicing policy has been configured, open a product form by navigating to 
```
I suggest adding an anchor above the 'configuring an invoicing policy' section, then making the 'has been configured' link to that section above. Optional (but very cool) =)

> :menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products` and choose a product. Locate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Sales app --> Products --> Products` and click on product being modified. 
```

:guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` option located under the :guilabel:`General Information` tab. Use the

> drop-down menu to change the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the *General Information* tab, select an :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` using the drop-down menu.
```

   :alt: Choosing an invoicing policy in the Sales app.

.. important::
   If the :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` option is chosen, it is **not** possible to activate the
   :guilabel:`Automatic Invoicing` :icon:`fa-building-o` feature, which automatically generates
   invoices when an online payment is confirmed.

   If the :guilabel:`Automatic Invoicing` :icon:`fa-building-o` feature is enabled in a
   multi-company database, it applies on a per-company basis and must be enabled for each company
   using automatic invoicing.

Change the invoicing policy for existing products
-------------------------------------------------

> Even after the invoicing policy :ref:`has been configured <configure-invoicing-policy>` in the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Even after the invoicing policy :ref:`has been configured <sales/invoicing_policy/configure-invoicing-policy>` in the
```

**Sales** app's configuration settings, the invoicing policy may still be changed on a
product-by-product basis. Open a product form by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales app -->
Products --> Products` and click on the product to be updated. In the *General Information* tab,
select an :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` using the drop-down menu.

.. image:: invoicing_policy/invoicing-policy-general-info-tab.png

>    :alt: How to change invoicing policy on a product form in the **Sales** app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: How to change invoicing policy on a product form in the Sales app.
```

We don't do formatting in alt tags.

> .. _invoice-on-order:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _sales/invoicing_policy/invoice-on-order:
```

Correcting the anchor to use the proper convention.

>    they have direct control over their inventory levels and ship with 3rd party carriers, they

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   they have direct control over their inventory levels and ship with 3rd-party carriers, they
```

   invoice their customers after a sales order has been confirmed.

   They receive an order for a necklace. They send their customer a quotation, confirm it, and
   create a sales order. After the sales order is confirmed, an invoice is created and sent to the
   customer for payment without any additional steps needed. The invoice gets paid, the necklace is
   shipped and delivered, and the transaction is complete.

> .. _invoice-on-delivery:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _sales/invoicing_policy/invoice-on-delivery:
```

Invoice what is delivered
=========================

The *Invoice what is delivered* option invoices customers as different amounts of the ordered goods

> The :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` option invoices customers as the ordered goods are delivered.

Reviewer 2: So there's the start of a sentence here in line 86, and line 87 starts another. I would confirm which sentence you're keeping and edit the other out, or complete the first sentence if it's meant to be completed. Might be another merging edits issue; it happens.

This option is often used for businesses that sell large quantities of physical goods in each sales
order, but may not always be able to fulfill a given order all at once.

> In these cases, the ordered quantity may diffe from the delivered quantity based on product

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In these cases, the ordered quantity may differ from the delivered quantity based on product
```
